README.md, before:

# 💹 5-Day Stock Forecast for TATAGLOBAL

[![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3.12-blue?logo=python)](https://www.python.org/)
[![Streamlit](https://img.shields.io/badge/Streamlit-App-red?logo=streamlit)](https://streamlit.io/)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-green)](LICENSE)

A **Python-based stock prediction app** that forecasts **TATAGLOBAL’s closing prices for the next 5 days** using **KNN Machine Learning**.  
Includes a **Streamlit dashboard** with interactive inputs, predicted closing prices, confidence levels, and visualized volatility trends.  

---

## 🌟 Features

- 🔮 Predict stock price movement (UP 📈 / DOWN 📉) for **next 5 days**  
- 💰 Display **predicted closing price, confidence %, and volatility range**  
- 🖥️ Interactive **Streamlit interface** for easy usage  
- 🌌 Neon-dark theme visualization for **better clarity and modern UI**  
- 📊 Trained **KNN model** using historical stock data  

---

## 🛠️ Technologies Used

- Python 🐍  
- Pandas & NumPy 📊  
- Matplotlib & Seaborn 🎨  
- scikit-learn 🔧  
- Streamlit 🌐  

---

## 📦 Installation

1. **Clone the repository**
```bash
git clone https://github.com/nilotpaldhar2004/TATAGLOBAL_Stock_Predictor.git
cd TATAGLOBAL_Stock_Predictor

Commit message:

Update README with new badges and installation steps
Added links for scikit-learn and live app demo, and updated installation instructions.

README.md, after:

# 💹 5-Day Stock Forecast for TATAGLOBAL

[![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3.12-blue?logo=python)](https://www.python.org/)
[![Streamlit](https://img.shields.io/badge/Streamlit-App-red?logo=streamlit)](https://streamlit.io/)
[![scikit-learn](https://img.shields.io/badge/scikit--learn-0.25-orange?logo=scikit-learn)](https://scikit-learn.org/)

A **Python-based stock prediction app** that forecasts **TATAGLOBAL’s closing prices for the next 5 days** using **KNN Machine Learning**.  
Includes a **Streamlit dashboard** with interactive inputs, predicted closing prices, confidence levels, and visualized volatility trends.  

[🚀 Try the app live on Streamlit](https://tataglobalstockpredictor-cvqbaxumotpd7a8kf7ccca.streamlit.app/)

---

## 🌟 Features

- 🔮 Predict stock price movement (UP 📈 / DOWN 📉) for **next 5 days**  
- 💰 Display **predicted closing price, confidence %, and volatility range**  
- 🖥️ Interactive **Streamlit interface** for easy usage  
- 🌌 Neon-dark theme visualization for **better clarity and modern UI**  
- 📊 Trained **KNN model** using historical stock data  

---

## 🛠️ Technologies Used

- Python 🐍  
- Pandas & NumPy 📊  
- Matplotlib & Seaborn 🎨  
- scikit-learn 🔧  
- Streamlit 🌐  

---

## 📦 Installation

1. **Clone the repository**

```bash
git clone https://github.com/nilotpaldhar2004/TATAGLOBAL_Stock_Predictor.git
cd TATAGLOBAL_Stock_Predictor
